Update Docker Images of vala-lint (#97)
vala-lang/vala-lint: README.md

### Docker and Continuous Integration

> Vala-Lint is primarily intended to be used in Continuous Integration (CI). It's available in a convenient, always up-to-date Docker container `elementary/docker:vala-lint` hosted on Docker Hub.

Reviewer: one more :)

```suggestion
Vala-Lint is primarily intended to be used in Continuous Integration (CI). It's available in a convenient, always up-to-date Docker container `valalang/lint:latest` hosted on Docker Hub.
```
